Exercise 1:

inside the numpy.arange, 0.55 is the number you want to start your array to start with, 1.05 is the number you want the array to go up to but not include, and 0.05 is the increment you want the values in your array to increase by.

[::-1] reverses a list (thus the printout is end to start). 

probs = numpy.around(numpy.arange(0.55, 1.05, 0.05), decimals=2)[::-1] vs probs = numpy.around(numpy.arange(0.55, 1.05, 0.05), decimals=2):

the coordinates of the array are switched (ie reflected on a vertical axis), so when [::-1] is used the top left most value is now the top right value. learned in homework review that this is for aesthetics.

Exercise 1C:
The higher the probability of heads (more biased the coin), the higher the power (to determine that the coin is biased). The higher the number of tosses, the higher the power. Two important things: increase sample size (number of tosses), and you see the signal (ie, high power), or increase the strength of the signal (make the coin very biased), and you'll see the signal, even with fewer tosses.

Exercise 1D:

In this paper, they are testing Mendel's hypothesis that alleles are inherited without favor to one allele, ie, that the alleles from two heterozygous parents separate into daughter cells (gametes) with equal frequency. This would imply that the offspring of these parents would have the same chance of having parent one's allele as they would parent two's allele. If this is not the case, it is considered transmission distortion, where an allele from one parent is disproportionally transmitted to the next generation. Therfore, the offpring generation's gene pool has a higher representation of an allele than the other than would be predicted by Mendelian genetics. It's similar to our coin toss simulation in that the expected frequency of an outcome is 50% of the total events, but if there was tansmission distortion (analogous to our biased coin), that outcome occurs >50% or <50% of the time. In our simulation, as we make the coin more biased, the probability of getting heads increases. This would be analogous to the frequency of an allele in the F1 generation being greater or less than what would be expected if each had an equal chance of being transmitted to this generation. Furthermore, as stated before, the more biased the coin (higher probability of heads than 50%), the higher the power to determine that the coin is biased. Similarly, the more biased the transmission of an allele is, the higher the power to determine that the allele is "selfish," ie, being trnsmitted to the next generation with higher frequency than expected. What is important about this paper is that, as we saw with our increasing number of tosses (events), they have a large enough number of events (sample size, determined by number of sperm uniting with an egg mimetic) to determine if transmission distortion is occuring with high power, even if the actual bias is small (like when our coin has only a slightly >50% chance of heads, but we had hundreds of tosses, so the signal was able to come through). A binomial test is used in both our simulation and the paper because there are two outcomes in both cases: in our simulation, the outcomes are heads or tails, and in the paper, it's transmission of the allele or not. 